hello and welcome back to learn social
life and in this episode i'll be sharing
with you how i created this
uh setup using animation nodes and
geometry nodes
so the setup is simple this is a test
recording
so there's a sound audio running in the
background
and you see there's a bunch of ecosphere
that's kind of
uh reacting into that audio let me show
you the audio first
it's under video sequence editor
this is the voice that i recorded i can
anytime change this audio and record
different audio and it should give a
different result
this is a test recording so let me try
like if i delete that audio and
test recording this is a push-to-talk
add-on
for blender so just
do a quick test recording
and if we turn on waveform
[Music]
do a quick test recording so you can see
it's a
quite real time and reactive
so the audio is controlling the nodes
so what's going on really this is all
the nodes under 10 nodes that you can
just set up very very quickly
this is animation nodes right as you
already know
this guy can take an audio and
you can sample it based on these counts
so i assemble it
20 times that's why we have i think
kind of like a 20 sound samples
anyhow this goes inside set custom
attributes so this is actually
quite interesting notes with uh
animation notes this is like a animation
notes
with extra i think it's coming from
cool lip color vfx and
this is this guy is sending data into
geometric nodes so this is
quite advanced the notes is simple
but it's a in order to do this you might
need some understanding
of what's going on so the notes is
saying that
in order to see the data i just remove
the instance
for now you can see this is the
am animation nodes attributes custom
attributes
that's been passed into the queue
and then we have this custom
data coming in the number of points
from here is not matching here but we
can
always adjust it so we have now 25 data
in real time this audio is turned into a
value
that's kind of being transferred into
the instance object
over here okay so it's quite
advanced like i quick test recording
do a quick test recording so
yeah um but you get that kind of neat
effects very very quickly and
and you can even simplify further
simplify the queue further and then
randomize the positions
and if we check how what's the number
90 seconds this sample is 97 times
do a quick test recording
so i think we don't actually need that
one but many
do a quick test recording it's more
interesting like this
so just 20 times sampling of the audio
and then the value is kind of scattered
randomly anyway it's like a random test
recording but it looks like
reactive quick test recording imagine
having this like uh
as augmented reality objects you know
like scattered points
that's reacting to your voice based on
the distance of you
it's a pretty interesting stuff you can
do
oh yeah if you are interested with this
it's a it's an add-on that you can add
push to talk
by enes and francesco so once you
install this
you have this recorder inside video
sequence editor inside blender
testing one two three tests
so these
testing one two three press so this
actually save
save the audio inside your folder
somewhere so push to talk add-on
it's using the built-in microphone you
can specify the folder
it's going to save it as wav file and
blender will reload it
and you have this you can simply specify
the audio inside animation nodes
and just transfer the data into geometry
notes
all right so it's quite
advanced but pretty cool stuff you can
do this is just the basics alright so
i'm just showing you
the whole thing is working together all
right so thanks again for tuning in and
i'll see you next time thank you
bye